Add contract first development section in rest-openapi doc (#6115)
apache/camel-quarkus: extensions/rest-openapi/runtime/src/main/doc/usage.adoc

[source]
----
quarkus.native.resources.includes=openapi.json
----

=== Contract First Development

> The model classes generation has been integrated with `quarkus-maven-plugin`. So it's no need to use `swagger-codegen-maven-plugin`, instead to put your contract files in the `src/main/openapi` with `.json` suffix. And add `generate-code` goal in `quarkus-maven-plugin` like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model classes generation has been integrated with the `quarkus-maven-plugin`. So there's no need to use the `swagger-codegen-maven-plugin`, instead put your contract files in `src/main/openapi` with a `.json` suffix. And add the `generate-code` goal to the `quarkus-maven-plugin` like:
```

Author: Done

[source,xml]
----
<plugin>
    <groupId>io.quarkus</groupId>
    <artifactId>quarkus-maven-plugin</artifactId>
    <executions>
        <execution>
            <goals>
                <goal>generate-code</goal>
            </goals>
        </execution>
    </executions>
</plugin>
----

> It requires to specific the package name of the model classes by using `quarkus.camel.openapi.codegen.model-package` property of the `application.properties` file. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It requires a specific package name for the model classes by using the `quarkus.camel.openapi.codegen.model-package` property of the `application.properties` file. For example:
```

Author: Done.
